# software
After some gaming and training in 22bit visual binary code, our mapped EEG signals will have all the capabilities of the "Brain Mouse" that Mark Zuckerberg is talking about. This is a multi-step process to mind-over-machine. I'm training my EEG software to capture electrical signals associated with the processing of 22core visual binary code from my USB Nintendo controller. I've plugged in both, my USB EEG device, and my USB Nintendo Controller. My computer receives EEG signals while I train on the USB Nintendo alphabet game. I'm working on writing the software to receive and decode 22core visual binary electrical signals from my USB EEG device while I type on the USB Nintendo controller. We are decoding electrical brain-signals while processing a 22core visual binary code from the USB Nintendo controller. We will send the electrical brain signals to BOINC so that computer scientists can participate in and benefit from this research. We are learning to process the electrical brain-signals that register when I type on the USB Nintendo Controller. I send 22core visual binary code to my computer via typing on my USB Nintendo Controller. At the same exact time, my computer relays the electrical signals from my USB EEG input device. We are using my USB Nintendo controller to type letters and spaces, and training for direct EEG input via our alphabet typing game. My EEG device registers electrical brain-signals for each letter or space I type using the 22core visual binary code. Gaming and training on my 22core USB Nintendo controller and USB EEG setup, my computer is able to recognize electrical signals in 22bit visual binary code, to relay my electrical brain-signals associated with each of the 22core visual binary letters. This is the beginning of a neural network application.
